only amazon today appears as a false new one
so a little agile
midfielder gives the midfielder
was romas dressler injured fails
thomas stratos the trainer of
Regensburger must also be on short notice
Oliver Hein does not play for him
thomas briefly the second minute everything still
quiet markus bollmann catastrophe pass
Thomas intervened briefly again
from man 10 for regensburg what a
unexpected and nice start for the
oberpfälzer huge joy
the newcomer from the man in full
regensburg has hit markus
bollmann two weeks ago the hero with
fuller his gate in burghausen
horror in the face after his pass
Thomas also short of the ball
perfect restores one another
through the suspenders of michael
Ratajczak
so you like to start an away game
So the host asked early in the
Offensive and unfortunately, the jahn
infecting hectic own free kick
and yet the quick ball loss david
and patrick soon the ligth strength
Patrick Wiegers again in goal after
gets his dfb cup break now
a lot to do
Regensburg has no leadership
Safety brought again and again
unfocused an asta so polos
what is he doing there dangerous tobias
feisthammel duisburg now clearly
stronger
middle of the first half regensburg
I continue on the defensive and in the
passspiel duisburg shows his
especially with playful superiority
his new husband pierre de wit dewitz
kingsley onuegbu just barely missed
david is only two weeks from
first fc kaiserslautern in the third
league changed
he does not need a period of adjustment and
is in all dangerous situations
now involved freestoss the joke and
again, patrick wiegers must be enormous
stretch for the short lead for the
to preserve for years
the duisburg david for the third league
a win
Regensburg now clearly unsettled
even the simple game setup wants
no longer succeed
fabian trettenbach inaccurate and too
weak in the middle already breaks that
chaos out
Michael Gardawski makes them what for her
look a very bad one
incomprehensible that the years are so
impress with a leadership in the
but also strong as gaddafi
safely confined in confined spaces
shot still deflected by habsburgs
Coach karsten baumann has only three
weeks before seasons start the msv
taken and amazingly fast one
powerful squad
Duisburg finally wants the goal
and with playful means
Regensburg can only watch so fast
the divino egb does not bother and
now it's done
11 the most deserved compensation for
the host
beautifully edited aftermath
do not want to risk eleven meters and uno
egb is a trained center forward vegas
he does not come anymore and nachreiner
too late
shortly before the break duisburg now
final euphoria of young lee to
counter
Gardawski sprinted over halfway
nobody cares and vegas
is uncertain 1 1 is the break
can also stand 2 or 3 to 1
the great duisburg fans theirs
team also in the third league
numerous support are delighted
while at the pause redebedarf at the
In Regensburg mario consists of nine and
amato discuss intensively how it works
now run better rom daughter yes yet
again on the front with the strong off
man great pass on amazon schmid
schmid benedict early for marius
müller came in
thomas stratos finally wants the first
agrees with his team
enter and a success in duisburg
would be a great success but first
again the host will be free kick
Regensburg not in the picture and to the
Patrick Wiegers flies through today
Duisburg the one to one extreme
flattering vegas whistles his people
together
it just does not help much duisburg has
too much space
the msv pushes on
with phil ofosu ayeh is there
and again patrick zoundi bad luck for
Duisburg already meets its own
man unrettably prevents the leadership
meanwhile regensburg completely
overwhelmed with the technical and
runny luster of the
duisburger there's the forest trees so in
the and the best pierre de wit david
vegas is the only family there
can keep
Something has to happen thomas
stratos reacts gino windmüller replaces
the again disappointing anastasopoulos
the king's transfer of the rainsburger out
Greece has big problems his
leadership position to find the game
one-sided and so we like to show everyone
scenes in the duisburg half
to wear
jim patrick müller so far not at all
to see
and that's really dangerous then
not the fans celebrate anyway
then it becomes dangerous again
kingsley onuegbu feisthammel without expo
all too fast for the jahn defense only
Patrick Wiegers is always there where he is
may also belong again so completely
honestly if the jahn here a point
he should take it with him
you rarely have much luck as one
chicken heap the years defensive
The last five minutes and now you realize
Slowly that the storm run
duisburgern has tasted the force
attacks become less common then again
an unnecessary ball losses Regensburger
David is just everywhere on tanju
Öztürk from one does not go down but
grows like gas and then it is
decided
2 1 for the msv duisburg
Athanasius is back is called
noble joker who releases the msv so
deserved is so completely unnecessary
this hit nobody gets to the
People like that do not make it to the ball
better to clarify and then can to
arctic cheer and duisburg with him
very strong team strikes one
intimidated with 221 himself
the early tor has nothing helped
three points stay in duisburg
one or the other may have more
with the tribune and the spectators
busy as with his own play
were very nervous very inaccurate and there
we have to do that as soon as possible
turn off 13,000 spectators in the
third league duisburg can be
lucky and years must
learn to give with such a backdrop